.\" $Id
.Dd Feb 17, 2003
.Dt AMY 6 CON
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm Amy
.Nd A chess program for playing and analyzing games
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl ht Ao hash table size Ac
.Op Fl cpu Ao number of cpus Ac
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a chess playing program. It offers a simple command line oriented
interface. It is fully compatible with the xboard graphical chessboard.
.Pp
Amy supports the following commands:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It Sy <move>
Any move legal in the current position is executed on the board. Moves can be
input in algebraic notation (e.g. Nxe5) or from-to square notation (e.g. e2e4).
.It Sy bench
Runs a simple benchmark giving a raw indication of processor speed
.It Sy book
Shows the book moves in the current position
.It Sy bookup filename
Creates a book from the the supplied PGN file
.It Sy d
Displays the current position
.It Sy e
Shows the ECO code of the current game
.It Sy easy
Switches off permanent brain
.It Sy epd EPD
Setup a position in EPD
.It Sy flatten threshold
Flattens the book by removing all entries occuring less frequently than
threshold
.It Sy force
Switch to force mode
.It Sy go
Start searching from the current position
.It Sy hard
Switches on permanent brain
.It Sy help
Show help
.It Sy level
Set the time control. Some examples:
.Bl -tag -width indent
.It level sd/5
Game in 5 minutes
.It level 40/15+10
40 moves in 15 minutes with 10 seconds increment per move (Fischer clock)
.It level 40/120 20/60
First 40 moves in 2 hours, then 20 moves in 1 hour
.El
.It Sy load filename
Load a game from a PGN file
.It Sy moves
Show all legal moves
.It Sy name oppname
Sets the opponents name
.It Sy new
Starts a new game
.It Sy perft depth
Run the perft benchmark
.It Sy quit
Quit Amy, return to shell.
.It Sy save filename
Save the current game to a PGN file
.It Sy test filename
Run an EPD test suite
.It Sy undo
Undo the last move
.It Sy ?
Move now, forces computer move
.El
.Sh BUGS
Sure, lots of them.
